DOC: Encourage trying preview release before reporting bug (#7686)
Slicer/Slicer: Docs/user_guide/get_help.md

## I want to report a problem

> We are constantly making fixes and improvements, therefore before you report any issues, check first if it is already fixed in the latest Slicer Preview Release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are constantly making fixes and improvements, therefore before you report any issues:
1. If you are using an older version, confirm the issue still exists in the current Stable release
2. If it still exists in the the stable version, confirm the issue still exists in the latest Preview version
```

> If you are not sure if Slicer behaves incorrectly or you are not using it properly then [ask about it on the Slicer Forum](https://discourse.slicer.org/c/support) (in the `Support` category).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you find it hard to locate answers using the search feature of discourse or via internet searches such as Google, try a large language model like Chat-GPT, Gemini, etc.

If you are not sure if Slicer behaves incorrectly or you are not using it properly then [ask about it on the Slicer Forum](https://discourse.slicer.org/c/support) (in the `Support` category).
```
